When it comes to getting an understanding of user needs I believe the best and most important way to do so is survey users directly. Conduct interviews with users and consider their wants and needs. Personally, I would look at all the information I could gather, interperet their wants/needs, and think of extra quality of life additions I could make. User stories are great for this because it's like a map laying out a trail to follow. You get a starting point and an end point but it's up to you to get there in the best way possible. This is coming from someone with very little developing experience so in practice the way I approach developing might differ. Where I am currently, I think of the developing process as a puzzle that needs to be put together. With programming you are given pieces of a puzzle(user stories, for example) and you have to figure out how all of it will fit together. Learning about Scrum Agile practices has been particularly interesting to me and something I could see myself using in the feature. Breaking down projects into smaller parts, Sprints in this case, is something that has always been a benefit to me because I can get overwhelmed easily. I also like to always re-evaluate as I go through a project. Being a good team member in software development means being open to communication and collaboration. Within both of these maintaining a sense of transparency is important and helps with the team becoming a cohesive unit. Some other qualities is adaptability and always being open to improvement/learning. In the world of tech, things are always changing or new information is coming to light so being able to shift gears or learn a new process is benefical to your team and yourself. 
